---

pepyatka_hostname: freefeed.net
pepyatka_html_hostname: freefeed.net
pepyatka_media_hostname: media.freefeed.net
pepyatka_statsd_prefix: freefeed
pepyatka_server_branch: release
pepyatka_html_branch: release
pepyatka_ansible_branch: freefeed
pepyatka_redis_host: pepyatka-newprod.gfaoo9.ng.0001.euw1.cache.amazonaws.com
pepyatka_s3_bucket: freefeed-media
pepyatka_server_instances:
  - 3000
  - 3001
pepyatka_accept_hashed_passwords_only: 'false'
pepyatka_ga_account: 'UA-62517081-1'
pepyatka_deploy_inventory: freefeed.net
pepyatka_lite_enabled: true
pepyatka_lite_branch: release
pepyatka_lite_hostname: m.freefeed.net
nginx_restrict_users_ip: 136.243.23.88
nginx_use_proxy_protocol: True
nginx_proxy_protocol_real_ips:
  - 172.31.0.0/16
freefeed_react_client_enabled: true
freefeed_react_client_branch: release
freefeed_react_client_hostname: beta.freefeed.net
pepyatka_auth_token_prefix: freefeed_
freefeed_auth_token_prefix: freefeedBETA_
freefeed_recaptcha_enabled: true
freefeed_recaptcha_sitekey: 6LdChhITAAAAAGzgvUPPCbg0cxJzcxFc5vlBs9u5
